file processing:
	read lines and store as strings in an array
	Section 1.10.32 of "de Fini
	bus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero in 45 BC
"Sed ut perspiciatis unde omni
s iste natus error sit volupt
atem accusantium doloremque laudan
tium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa 
quae ab illo inventore veritatis et qu
asi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt 
explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem q
uia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit au
1914 translation by H. Rackham
"But I must explain to you how all this
mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and 
praising pain was born and I will give you
 a complete account of the system, and expou
 nd the actual teachings of the great explore
 r of the truth, the master-builder of human 
 appiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoi
 ds pleasure itself, because it is pleasure
 , but because those who do not know how to 
 pursue pleasure rationally encounter conseq
 uences that are extremely painful. Nor agai
 n is there anyone who loves or pursues or d
 esires to obtain pain of itself, because it
 is pain, but because occasionally circumstan
 ces occur in which toil and pain can procure
 him some great pleasure. To take a trivial 
 example, which of us ever undertakes laborious 
 physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But
 who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy
 a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids
 a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?"
Section 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", wri
tten by Cicero in 45 BC
"At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos duci
mus qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque co
rrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaec
ati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui 
officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et doloru
m fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita dist
inctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi 
optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placea
t facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dol
or repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis
 debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et volu
 ptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaqu
 e earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reic
 iendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferend
 is doloribus asperiores repellat."
1914 translation by H. Rackham
"On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation a
nd dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the c
harms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that
 they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to
 ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their d
 uty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying t
 hrough shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfec
 tly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our
 power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents o
 ur being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to b
 e welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstanc
 es and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of busi
 ness it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudi
 ated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always ho
 lds in these matters to this principle of selection: he reject
 s pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endu
 res pains to avoid worse pains."
 Section 1.10.32 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero in 45 BC
1914 translation by H. Rackham
"But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denounc
Section 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", writt
en by Cicero in 45 BC
"At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducim
us qui blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque 
corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint o
ccaecati cupiditate non provident, similique sunt in cul
pa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum e
t dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et exp
edita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis e
t eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod m
axime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda e
st, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut o
fficiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et v
oluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque
earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis
 voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis dolor
 ibus asperiores repellat."
1914 translation by H. Rackham
"On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indigna
tion and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the
charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that t
hey cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ens
ue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty t
hrough weakness of will, which is the same as saying through
 else he endures pains to avoid worse pains."
 914 translation by H. Rackham
 "On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indigna
 tion and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the
 charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that t
 hey cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ens
 ue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty t
 hrough weakness of will, which is the same as saying through
  else he endures pains to avoid worse pains."